[Music]
situation in America the only country
UFOs ever seat until landed
humans of Earth my quest has led me to
your planet give it to me now you
shouldn't no way take any of this
personally it's just business Galax ara
mr. president we need a Hail Mary patch
we need raw power wait monsters
say hello to Insectosaurus don't scare
Insectosaurus it's okay buddy I'm not
gonna let the human pop is a little out
of shape
hi I'm Bob as you can see he has no
brain which turns out you don't need one
and our latest addition
she's 50 stories tall with enormous
strength and size what do people scream
when they see you coming you know like
Susan Susan s who I just scared myself
[Music]